README.md, before:

# Reactive Employee Directory

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

An application made to record user's finances for online and offline uses.

## Table of Contents

* [Features](#Features)
* [Links](#Links)
* [Demo](#Demo)
* [Technology](#Technology)
* [Reference](#Reference)
* [Contributors](#Contributors)
* [Questions](#Questions)
* [License](#License)

## Features

Main Features:

    Able to view an entire employee directory at once so that the user can have quick access to the information.

    Able to filter by searching for the an user by using the search bar and automatically filter through existing list of users.

In production:

    Menu button that allows the directory to be sorted into different category: Name, Phone, and Email.

## Links

* Project Repo: [Repository](https://github.com/jeishu/reactive-employee-directory)
* Deployed Application: [Reactive Employee Directory](https://reactive-employee-directory.herokuapp.com/)

## Demo

![Picture](./public/img/iphone6.png)
![Picture](./public/img/ipad.png)
![Picture](./public/img/desktop.png)

## Technology

Langauges:

    HTML, CSS, Javascript
Framework:

    REACT (JSX), SASS(.scss)

Technologies:

    Axios, Npm Sass-Loader, Npm Sass

Deployment:

    Heroku, Mars

## Reference

Menu Icons are found at Flaticon, the arist is [bqlan](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/bqlqn).
    
Importing [Images in React](https://daveceddia.com/react-image-tag/).

## Contributors

Using React as a base for coding. Sass was used in placed of CSS for styling, but essentially gives the same result, just personal preference. Deployment was done using Heroku and Mars.

## Questions
If you have any question about the application, don't hesitate to contact me: visit my [portfolio](https://github.com/jeishu).

## License

MIT © 2021 Jeremy Zhu

Commit message:

Added a sorting feature for ascending and descending Name and Email

README.md, after:

# Reactive Employee Directory

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

An application made to record user's finances for online and offline uses.

## Table of Contents

* [Features](#Features)
* [Links](#Links)
* [Demo](#Demo)
* [Technology](#Technology)
* [Reference](#Reference)
* [Contributors](#Contributors)
* [Questions](#Questions)
* [License](#License)

## Features

Main Features:

    View an entire employee directory at once.

    Searching for the an user by using the search bar will automatically filter through existing list of users.

In production:

    Menu button that allows the directory to be sorted into different category: Name, Phone, and Email.

## Links

* Project Repo: [Repository](https://github.com/jeishu/reactive-employee-directory)
* Deployed Application: [Reactive Employee Directory](https://reactive-employee-directory.herokuapp.com/)

## Demo

![Picture](./public/img/iphone6.png)
![Picture](./public/img/ipad.png)
![Picture](./public/img/desktop.png)

## Technology

Langauges:

    HTML, CSS, Javascript
Framework:

    REACT (JSX), SASS(.scss)

Technologies:

    Axios, Npm Sass-Loader, Npm Sass, RandomUser API

Deployment:

    Heroku, Mars

## Reference

[Sorting Tables with React](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/03/sortable-tables-react/) with the help of [localeCompare()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/localeCompare#browser_compatibility).

[Search Bar with React](https://dev.to/asimdahall/simple-search-form-in-react-using-hooks-42pg) with the help of [Filters from Hacking with React](http://www.hackingwithreact.com/read/1/13/rendering-an-array-of-data-with-map-and-jsx).

Menu Icons are found at Flaticon, the arist is [bqlan](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/bqlqn).
    
Importing [Images in React](https://daveceddia.com/react-image-tag/).

[Random User Api](https://randomuser.me/api/?results=25&nat=us) used to generate the random users in here. 

## Contributors

Using React as a base for coding. Sass was used in placed of CSS for styling, but essentially gives the same result, just personal preference. Deployment was done using Heroku and Mars.

## Questions
If you have any question about the application, don't hesitate to contact me: visit my [portfolio](https://github.com/jeishu).

## License

MIT © 2021 Jeremy Zhu
